DBZ-6387 Document `isostring`, `microseconds`, `nanoseconds` Temporal Precision Modes (#6097)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/postgresql.adoc

|`TIME([P])`
|`INT64`
|`io.debezium.time.MicroTime` +
 +
Represents the time value in microseconds and does not include timezone information. PostgreSQL allows precision P to be in the range 0-6 to store up to microsecond precision.

|`TIMESTAMP([P])`
|`INT64`
|`io.debezium.time.MicroTimestamp` +
 +
Represents the number of microseconds past the epoch, and does not include timezone information. PostgreSQL allows precision P to be in the range 0-6 to store up to microsecond precision.

|===

[[postgresql-time-precision-mode-nanoseconds]]
.`time.precision.mode=nanoseconds`
When the `time.precision.mode` configuration property is set to `nanoseconds`, then the connector generates timestamp, datetime, time values using `io.debezium.time.NanoTime` and `io.debezium.time.NanoTimestamp` semantic types, which always have nanoseconds precision.

.Mappings when `time.precision.mode` is `nanoseconds`
[cols="25%a,20%a,55%a",options="header"]
|===
|PostgreSQL data type
|Literal type (schema type)
|Semantic type (schema name) and Notes

|`DATE`
|`INT32`
|`io.debezium.time.Date` +
 +
Represents the number of days since the epoch.

|`TIME([P])`
|`INT64`
|`io.debezium.time.NanoTime` +
 +

> Represents the time value in nanoseconds and does not include timezone information. PostgreSQL allows precision P to be in the range 0-6 to store up to microsecond precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the time value in nanoseconds and does not include timezone information. 
In PostgreSQL, the precision `p` parameter specifies the number of decimal places in the seconds part of a time value.
The precision can range from 0 (no fractional seconds) to 6 (microsecond precision).
```

|`TIMESTAMP([P])`
|`INT64`
|`io.debezium.time.NanoTimestamp` +
 +

> Represents the number of nanoseconds past the epoch, and does not include timezone information. PostgreSQL allows precision P to be in the range 0-6 to store up to microsecond precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the number of nanoseconds past the epoch, and does not include timezone information.
In PostgreSQL, the precision `p` parameter specifies the number of decimal places in the seconds part of a time value.
The precision can range from 0 (no fractional seconds) to 6 (microsecond precision).
```

.Mappings when `time.precision.mode` is `microseconds`
[cols="25%a,20%a,55%a",options="header"]
|===
|PostgreSQL data type
|Literal type (schema type)
|Semantic type (schema name) and Notes

|`DATE`
|`INT32`
|`io.debezium.time.Date` +
 +
Represents the number of days since the epoch.

|`TIME([P])`
|`INT64`
|`io.debezium.time.MicroTime` +
 +
Represents the time value in microseconds and does not include timezone information. 
In PostgreSQL, the precision `p` parameter specifies the number of decimal places in the seconds part of a time value.
The precision can range from 0 (no fractional seconds) to 6 (microsecond precision).

|`TIMESTAMP([P])`
|`INT64`
|`io.debezium.time.MicroTimestamp` +
 +
Represents the number of microseconds past the epoch, and does not include timezone information. 
In PostgreSQL, the precision `p` parameter specifies the number of decimal places in the seconds part of a time value.
The precision can range from 0 (no fractional seconds) to 6 (microsecond precision).

|===

[[postgresql-time-precision-mode-nanoseconds]]
.`time.precision.mode=nanoseconds`

> Set the `time.precision.mode` property to `nanoseconds`  to configure the connector to specify temporal values with nanosecond precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `time.precision.mode` property to `nanoseconds` to configure the connector to specify temporal values with nanosecond precision.
```

Reviewer: Removes extra space
